What was the name of the ship that brought the Pilgrins to New England in 1620? Olivia Wilde says: Mayflower. Do you agree or disagree? /agree
What organization tries to find solutions to world problems and disputes? Stevie Wonder says: UNICEF. Do you agree or disagree? /disagree
Which is the country which has the Great Barrier Reef? Johnny Depp says: Australia. Do you agree or disagree? /agree
What is the capital of Sweden? Jim Carrey says: Stockholm. Do you agree or disagree? /agree
What is the capital of Brazil? Emma Watson says: Hanoi. Do you agree or disagree? /disagree
What is the capital of Australia? Daniel Radcliffe says: Canberra. Do you agree or disagree? /agree
Which country was Leonardo da Vinci from? Leonardo DiCaprio says: Greece. Do you agree or disagree? /disagree
Blood is filtered by which pair of organs? Tom Cruise says: Kidneys. Do you agree or disagree? /agree
Which planet is the fifth from the sun? Brad Pitt says: Earth. Do you agree or disagree? /disagree
Who developed the theory of relativity? Will Smith says: Sir Isaac Newton. Do you agree or disagree? /disagree
Which chemical element is represented by the symbol N? Cameron Diaz says: Nitrogen. Do you agree or disagree? /agree
In which country is Mount Everest? Al Pacino says: India. Do you agree or disagree? /disagree
Which continent has the biggest population? Robert Downey Jr.: Asia. Do you agree or disagree? /agree
On which continent is the Sahara desert? Russell Crowe says: Asia. Do you agree or disagree? /disagree
Which team won the 2003 Formula One car racing championship? Kate Winslet says: Red Bull. Do you agree or disagree? /disagree
Which vitamin is abundant in citrus fruits? Mark Wahlberg says: vitamin C. Do you agree or disagree? /agree
What gas do plants absorb from the atmosphere? Natalie Portman says: Oxygen. Do you agree or disagree? /disagree
What is the study of plants called? Pierce Brosnan says: Botany. Do you agree or disagree? /agree
Antarctica covers which of the earth's poles? Orlando Bloom says: the North Pole. Do you agree or disagree? /disagree
In boxing, what do the letters K.O. stand for? Dwayne Johnson says: Kick Out. Do you agree or disagree? /disagree
How many rings are there in the Olympic Games symbol? Jackie Chan says: Five. Do you agree or disagree? /agree
Which country won the 1998 FIFA World Cup football tournament? Angelina Jolie says: Brazil. Do you agree or disagree? /disagree
Who won the 2003 Wimbledon women's tennis championship? Adam Sandler says: Serena Williams. Do you agree or disagree? /agree
What pop group was Michael Jackson a member of when he was young? Heath Ledger says: The Jackson Five. Do you agree or disagree? /agree
What sport is played at Wimbledon? Jessica Alba says: Boxing. Do you agree or disagree? /disagree
Which physicist wrote a book called 'A Brief History of Time'? Edward Norton says: Stephen Hawking. Do you agree or disagree? /agree
Golf was first played in which country? Bradley Cooper says: Scotland. Do you agree or disagree? /agree
What does a third-place getter at the Olympic Games win? Will Ferrell says: A Silver Medal. Do you agree or disagree? /disagree
What is the biggest state in the U.S.A.? Julia Roberts says: Alaska. Do you agree or disagree? /agree 
Which country has the biggest land area? Nicolas Cage says: Russia. Do you agree or disagree? /agree